Charts with endpoints (#126)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/app-dashboards.adoc

The *Custom metrics* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. See xref:anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc[Anypoint Custom Metrics Connector].
|===

=== How Endpoint Use Metrics Are Gathered

> The built-in dashboards for apps contain charts that show endpoint metrics. The charts sort the available endpoints in a menu. When you designate a time period for the data that appears in the charts, the results shown in the endpoint charts can include multiple grouping intervals because the data is processed in intervals of time.

Author: ```suggestion
The built-in dashboards for apps contain tables that show endpoint metrics. The tables sort the available endpoints in a menu. When you designate a time period for the data that appears in the tables, the results shown in the endpoint tables can include multiple grouping intervals because the data is processed in intervals of time.
```

> As a result, a given table usually shows top occurring endpoints and, depending on the number of endpoints, a group called *Other* that shows an aggregation of endpoints that do not occur as often for that time period.The tables show approximate counts for the most commonly occurring endpoints when the *Other* grouping appears.

Author: ```suggestion
As a result, the menu in a given table usually shows top occurring endpoints and, depending on the number of endpoints, a group called *Other* that shows an aggregation of endpoints that do not occur as often for that time period. The tables show approximate counts for the most commonly occurring endpoints when the *Other* grouping appears.
```

> As a result, the menu in a given table usually shows top occurring endpoints and, depending on the number of endpoints, a group called *Other* that shows an aggregation of endpoints that do not occur as often for that time period. The charts show approximate counts for the most commonly occurring endpoints when the *Other* grouping appears.

Author: ```suggestion
As a result, the menu in a given chart usually shows top occurring endpoints and, depending on the number of endpoints, a group called *Other* that shows an aggregation of endpoints that do not occur as often for that time period. The charts show approximate counts for the most commonly occurring endpoints when the *Other* grouping appears.
```

> As a result, the menu in a given chart usually shows top occurring endpoints and, depending on the number of endpoints, a group called *Other* that shows an aggregation of endpoints that do not occur as often for that time period. The charts show approximate counts for the most commonly occurring endpoints when the *Other* grouping appears.

Author: ```suggestion
As a result, the menu in a given table usually shows top occurring endpoints and, depending on the number of endpoints, a group called *Other* that shows an aggregation of endpoints that do not occur as often for that time period. The tables show approximate counts for the most commonly occurring endpoints when the *Other* grouping appears.
```

> For example, when an endpoint occurs more often than other endpoints in one interval but occurs less often in another interval (thus sorting it into the *Other* group for that interval), the resulting table displays lower than actual values for that endpoint, since the metrics that do not appear are grouped into the *Other* group.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, when an endpoint occurs more often than other endpoints in one interval but occurs less often in another interval (thus sorting it into the *Other* group for that interval), the resulting chart displays lower than actual values for that endpoint, since the metrics that do not appear are grouped into the *Other* group.
```

> For example, when an endpoint occurs more often than other endpoints in one interval but occurs less often in another interval (thus sorting it into the *Other* group for that interval), the resulting chart displays lower than actual values for that endpoint, since the metrics that do not appear are grouped into the *Other* group.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, when an endpoint occurs more often than other endpoints in one interval but occurs less often in another interval (thus sorting it into the *Other* group for that interval), the resulting table displays lower than actual values for that endpoint, since the metrics that do not appear are grouped into the *Other* group.
```

The *Custom metrics* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. See xref:anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc[Anypoint Custom Metrics Connector].
|===

> === Charts with Endpoints

Author: ```suggestion
=== How Endpoint Use Metrics Are Gathered
```

> Charts that contain endpoint metrics sort the available endpoints in a menu.

Author: ```suggestion
The built-in dashboards for apps contain charts that show endpoint metrics. The charts sort the available endpoints in a menu. When you designate a time period for the data that appears in the charts, the results shown in the endpoint charts can include multiple grouping intervals because the data is processed in intervals of time.
```

> The requested time period for the results shown in the endpoint charts may include multiple grouping intervals because the data is ingested in intervals of time.

Reviewer: "can include" instead of "may include"
Is there another word you can use besides "ingested"? Maybe "processed"?

Author: ```suggestion
The requested time period for the results shown in the endpoint charts can include multiple grouping intervals because the data is processed in intervals of time.
```

> The requested time period for the results shown in the endpoint charts can include multiple grouping intervals because the data is processed in intervals of time.

Author: ```suggestion
```

As a result, a given table usually shows top occurring endpoints and, depending on the number of endpoints, a group called *Other* that shows an aggregation of endpoints that do not occur as often for that time period.The tables show approximate counts for the most commonly occurring endpoints when the *Other* grouping appears.

For example, when an endpoint occurs more often than other endpoints in one interval but occurs less often in another interval (thus sorting it into the *Other* group for that interval), the resulting table displays lower than actual values for that endpoint, since the metrics that do not appear are grouped into the *Other* group.

> 

Reviewer 2: How Endpoint Use Metrics Are Gathered

When you request endpoint use metrics for a particular time period, the results can be a little misleading. This is because:

- Time periods comprise multiple intervals.
<illustrate?>
- At each interval, endpoint use is ranked either individually by frequency, with the least frequently used endpoints grouped as *Other*
<illustrate?>
- For any one time period, an endpoint might be counted independently in some intervals and as part of a group
   in others.
<illustrate?>
- Group statistics hide the constituent endpoints' use frequency.
<illustrate?>
